---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Dr. sc. Sandi Baressi Šegota univ. mag. ing. comp. is a teaching assistant at the Department of Automation and Electronics, Faculty of Engineering - University of Rijeka and a member of the Chair of Electronics, robotics and automation and Laboratory for Automation and Robotics. He graduated with a Doctorate of science in Electrical Engineering in 2025. After finishing Secondary Technical School Pula and obtaining the qualification Electrical technician in 2013 he graduated from Faculty of Engineering University of Rijeka with a bachelors degree (cum laude) in computer science in 2017 and the master's degree (cum laude) in the same field in 2019. He enrolled as a candidate for doctoral studies at Faculty of Engineering Rijeka in the same year. During his studies he served as a member of the Student council of Faculty of Engineering Rijeka, as a representative of doctoral students from 2020 to 2022. He was employed at the University as a junior researcher -- expert associate in 2019, as a collaborator on CEKOM SmartCity.4DII (KK.01.2.2.03.0004) and Scientific Center of Research Excellence in Data Science "DATACROSS" (KK.01.1.1.01.0009). In addition to those project, he has collaborated on multiple projects including: Central European Initiative "Use of Regressive Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) Methods in Modelling of COVID-19 Spread -- COVIDAI" (305.6019-2), Erasmus+ "Introduction of joint short-cycle ICT courses for better employability of students and graduates" (2021-1-HR01-KA220-HED-000031177), and University of Rijeka scientific grants "Development of an intelligent expert system for online diagnostics of bladder cancer" (uniri-tehnic-18-275-1447) and "Energy optimization of industrial robotic manipulators through application of evolutionary computing algorithms" (uniri-mladi-technic-22-61). During his work at the University of Rijeka, he has coauthored 47 papers Web of Science Core Collection, 30\% of which as the first author. In addition, he has coauthored 22 papers and 6 extended abstracts at scientific conferences and 1 book chapter. According to Google Scholar database, these papers were cited more than 1000 times in total. He has received the award for the Exceptional contribution to the development and promotion of technical culture by Community of technical culture Pula in 2021. and the reward for the best paper in the field of Artificial Intelligence in Medical science at SICAAI conference in 2023. In addition to his work, Sandi Baressi Šegota is a member of Astronomical Society "Istra" Pula (ADIP) since 2008, serving as a member of its directorate since 2021; Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE) since 2021 and Global Meteor Network (GMN) since its inception.
